I love this tushy
oh yeah sure it's not mine anyway came
with the pants oh I am so jealous you
guys are really just right there aren't
you yes right we're beginning where you
know it's all sex and talking and sex
and talking yeah you got to love the
talking and the sex all right we haven't
had sex yet David what's the big deal
you know this is special and I want our
love to grow before we move on to the
next level Chandler that is so nice that
is really nice like way is that the
reason why just because you're not
mature enough to understand something
like that now he's right I'm totally
lying
what is it
well Kathy's last boyfriend was Joey and
you're afraid you won't be able to fill
his shoes no I'm afraid I won't be able
to make love as well as him yeah I was
going for the metaphor yes and I was
saying the actual words
well big deal so Joey's had a lot of
girlfriends it doesn't mean that he's
great in bed we share a wall so either
he's great in bed or she just like to
agree with him a lot sweetie with you
it's gonna be different the sex is gonna
be great because you you guys are in
love yeah yeah just go for it
Chandler really all right all right I'll
sleep with my girlfriend I'm just doing
it for you guys so did you do it
yes yes we had the sex it was bad it was
fine you know but she didn't agree with
me as strongly as she agreed with Joey
she was more like I see your point I'm
all right it's not always a lot of
agreement the first time yeah not for
girls anyway guys agree like that look
you have to help me okay I mean I know
what to do with a woman you know I know
where everything goes it's always nice
but I need to know what makes it go from
nice to my god somebody's killing her in
there all right I'm gonna show you
something a lot of guys don't know read
to me that perhaps he's all right now
what you don't have to draw an actual
look whoa she's hot
everybody knows the basic erogenous
zones you got one two three four
there's that's one hmm I have an
important one
oh you know you know what I was looking
at it upside down well you know
sometimes that helps okay thanks guys
we'll hit one two three and then go to
seven and set up camp that's bad
well if you go to Disneyland you don't
spend the whole day on the Matterhorn
Maya for anything like seven all right
the important thing is to take your time
you want to hit them all and you want to
mix them up you got to keep ma their
toes toes
yes for some people
all right you could start out with them
a little one A two A one two three a
three five four three two two a two four
six two four six four two two four seven
five seven six seven seven seven